Correct troubleshooting statement (#20484)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/devices/network_topology_map.md

### Troubleshooting

> If you don't see links or connections to your devices, verify that they're exposing LLDP and CDP data with the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't see links or connections to your devices, verify that they are exposing LLDP and CDP data with the following commands:
```
